feat(1.9.1): add CHANGELOG (#11357)
longhorn/longhorn: CHANGELOG/CHANGELOG-1.9.1.md

## Longhorn v1.9.1 Release Notes

Longhorn 1.9.1 introduces several improvements and bug fixes that are intended to improve system quality, resilience, stability and security.

The Longhorn team appreciates your contributions and expects to receive feedback regarding this release.

> [!NOTE]
> For more information about release-related terminology, see [Releases](https://github.com/longhorn/longhorn#releases).

## Installation

>  [!IMPORTANT]

> **Ensure that your cluster is running Kubernetes v1.25 or later before installing Longhorn v1.8.2.**

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**Ensure that your cluster is running Kubernetes v1.25 or later before installing Longhorn v1.9.1.**
```

> You can install Longhorn using a variety of tools, including Rancher, Kubectl, and Helm. For more information about installation methods and requirements, see [Quick Installation](https://longhorn.io/docs/1.8.2/deploy/install/) in the Longhorn documentation.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can install Longhorn using a variety of tools, including Rancher, Kubectl, and Helm. For more information about installation methods and requirements, see [Quick Installation](https://longhorn.io/docs/1.9.1/deploy/install/) in the Longhorn documentation.
```
